chore: update readme (#1639)
rudderlabs/rudder-sdk-js: README.md

## [](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-sdk-js/blob/main/README.md#self-hosted-control-plane)Self-hosted control plane

| **[Control Plane Lite](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/get-started/rudderstack-open-source/control-plane-lite/) is now deprecated. It will not work with the latest rudder-server versions (after v1.2). Using [RudderStack Open Source](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/get-started/rudderstack-open-source/control-plane-setup/#rudderstack-open-source) to set up your control plane is strongly recommended.** |
| :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

If you are self-hosting the control plane using the [**Control Plane Lite**](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/get-started/rudderstack-open-source/control-plane-lite/) utility, your `load` call will look like the following:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.load(<WRITE_KEY>, <DATA_PLANE_URL>, {
  configUrl: <CONTROL_PLANE_URL>,
});
```

> More information on obtaining the `CONTROL_PLANE_URL` can be found [**here**](https://docs.rudderstack.com/get-started/control-plane-lite#what-is-the-control-plane-url).

Reviewer: The URL is still using `docs` subdomain.

> More information on obtaining the `CONTROL_PLANE_URL` can be found [**here**](https://docs.rudderstack.com/get-started/control-plane-lite#what-is-the-control-plane-url).

Author: ```suggestion
More information on obtaining the `CONTROL_PLANE_URL` can be found [**here**](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/resources/faq/#for-a-self-hosted-environment-how-do-i-obtain-the-control-plane-url).
```

Author: @saikumarrs fixed it - it was also giving a 404 as it was quite old.
